# Antonio-ECEC-ECE2112-Experiment3
##### General summaries of each problem. see main code for a more detailed breakdown
## Problem 1
##### Problem 1 involves displaying the first 5 and last 5 rows for a dataframe. The approach of this code is to filter the dataframe using the .index attribute for logical opration. By default, .index will produce the range or number of rows of the dataframe therefore it can be exploited such that one can set which rows to print using logical operators. In this case, setting the cars.index < 5 will produce the first 5 rows. We can then append this to a logical or operator so that it can also make an argument for the last 5 rows. In this case, instead of manually loading the dataframe to see which index the program is supposed to start from, we can use the .shape attribute then call index 0 to produce the scalar number of rows. From this, we subtract the desired number of rows starting from the last, which in this case was also 5, then it starts producing the indeces greater and equal to that number.

## Problem 2
##### Problem 2 involves extracting information from the dataframe using subsetting, slicing, and indexing operations. For the first sub-problem, the first 5 rows was asked to be displayed but the odd numbered column must be exclusively shown. Using slicing and indexing, we can make the code such that it shows the first 5 rows. Using the same principle, we can start at index 1 for the column the slice in increments of 2 to get odd numbered columns.
##### For the second and third sub-problem, .loc was used to specify the conditions that must be met to display the row and the given column. The same approach was used in the third sub-problem, however, the logical operator OR was used to look for multiple entries under one column.
